control - the Shulker Control Center

SYNOPSIS
  control

DESCRIPTION
  One screen for the whole swarm, with the mouse or the keys shown on the
  buttons:
    COMPUTERS  every computer: green idle, yellow working (on which order),
               red offline, with load and alerts
    DRONES     battery and what each drone is doing
    ORDERS     everything you started, with a progress bar
    ORDER #N   the pieces of the selected order: who works on which part
  The bottom line shows energy, alerts and the internet gateway.

  Press : (or click the command bar) and type an order. It is split into
  pieces and the swarm works on them at the same time:

    mine X1 Y1 Z1 X2 Y2 Z2    dig out a box. Cut into slices of about 256
                              blocks, at least one per drone; every free
                              drone takes the next slice. A drone goes home
                              to charge below 20 % and comes back. If a
                              drone goes missing, another one takes over
                              its slice.
    home [all|DRONE...]       drones back to their chargers (key h: all)
    go DRONE X Y Z            one drone somewhere
    run [on NAME|all] CMD     a shell command on one, every or any free
                              computer
    map 'CMD {}' ITEM...      one piece per item on the free computers
    stop ID                   stop an order (key s: the selected one);
                              running pieces are stopped too
    help                      this list (key ?)

  Up and down (or a click) select an order; q quits.

COORDINATES
  Each robot counts from its charger spot. For shared areas tell every
  drone once where that spot is in the world (F3 screen):
      swarm drone drone1 origin 120 64 -35
  From then on mine and go use world coordinates for that drone.

  Drones never take computer work and computers never take drone work;
  a drone under 25 % gets no new piece until it has charged.

THE SAME FROM THE SHELL
  swarm order mine 100 60 200 115 57 215
  swarm orders [ID]      swarm stop ID

SEE ALSO
  swarm, drone, dashboard, desktop
